Implementing Limb Darkening correction (#3728)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3728.feature.rst

> Adds Limb Darkening Effect correction feature for `~sunpy.map.GenericMap`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a limb darkening correction function (`sunpy.physics.get_limb_dark`) that can be used on sunpy maps.
```
